Extend readme information for GH (#3)
fsoco/fsoco-dataset: docs/README.md

<a href="../LICENSE" target="_blank">![License GPL-3.0](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fsoco/fsoco-dataset?style=flat)</a>
<a href="https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/how_to_contribute/" target="_blank">![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen?style=flat)</a>
<a href="https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/contact_us/" target="_blank">![donations welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/donation_surplus-2,369_images-red?style=flat)</a> <br>

# The FSOCO Dataset

> <a href="https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/overview" target="_blank">![Teams 3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Teams-3-green.svg)</a>

Reviewer: I thinks the should all be "...overview SLASH"

In 2017, Formula Student Germany introduced a new driverless class challenging the students to equip their cars with additional sensors and compute hardware to enable autonomous racing.
Henceforth, other events have adapted the driverless class and the self-driving racecars are quickly closing the gap to human drivers.

> ## Contribute

Reviewer: Unlike my comment at today's meeting, I actually like "Contribute" better than "Contribution". That is, leave it this way.

Author: Only saw the review here now and did the changes from last meeting's review.
I changed it to Contributing but the text thereafter says "contribute" so the call-to-action should be clear. What do you think?

Reviewer: _Contributing_ conveys the message. 👍

Some of the ways to contribute are:

[Dataset contributions](https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/how_to_contribute):
- Donate raw data for other teams to label that don't have cones or sensors
- Label donated images as your contribution to the dataset
- Contribute your team's private dataset

[Tools contributions](../tools/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribute):
- Report bugs
- Correct or add documentation
- Add a new tool

### Contributors
FSOCO is only made possible by your contributions.<br>

> We'd like to thank all [FS teams that have contributed](https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/contributors/) to the dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would like to thank all [FS teams that have contributed](https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/contributors/) to the dataset.
```

> Likewise, we'd like to thank the individual contributors that have helped write the tools that enable this project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Likewise, we would like to thank the individual contributors that have helped write the tools that enable this project:
```

| <a href="https://github.com/ddavid"><img src="https://github.com/ddavid.png?size=60"></a> | <a href="https://github.com/mitchellmitch"><img src="https://github.com/mitchellmitch.png?size=60"></a> | <a href="https://github.com/vniclas"><img src="https://github.com/vniclas.png?size=60"></a> |
|---|---|---|

## Contact

Please feel free to contact us with any questions, suggestions, or comments:

> * Contact form: [www.fsoco-dataset.com/contact_us](www.fsoco-dataset.com/contact_us)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact form: [www.fsoco-dataset.com/contact_us](https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/contact_us)
```

In 2017, Formula Student Germany introduced a new driverless class challenging the students to equip their cars with additional sensors and compute hardware to enable autonomous racing.
Henceforth, other events have adapted the driverless class and the self-driving racecars are quickly closing the gap to human drivers.

## Contributing

Some of the ways to contribute are:

> [Dataset contributions](https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/how_to_contribute):

Reviewer: same here: trailing slash is missing

Just mentioning this since the website auditor marked all the links without those slashes as warnings

- Label donated images as your contribution to the dataset
- Contribute your team's private dataset

[Tools contributions](../tools/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribute):
- Report bugs
- Correct or add documentation
- Add a new tool

Please be mindful of correctly using the linter and formatter when working on your contributions to the tools.
Following the development install instructions and reading the linter's quick-start guide should get you going quickly.

### Contributors
FSOCO is only made possible by your contributions.<br>
We would like to thank all [FS teams that have contributed](https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/contributors/) to the dataset.

Likewise, we would like to thank the individual contributors that have helped write the tools that enable this project:

| <a href="https://github.com/ddavid"><img src="https://github.com/ddavid.png?size=60"></a> | <a href="https://github.com/mitchellmitch"><img src="https://github.com/mitchellmitch.png?size=60"></a> | <a href="https://github.com/vniclas"><img src="https://github.com/vniclas.png?size=60"></a> |
|---|---|---|

## Contact

Please feel free to contact us with any questions, suggestions, or comments:

> * Contact form: [www.fsoco-dataset.com/contact_us](https://www.fsoco-dataset.com/contact_us)

Reviewer: same here (I would only change the link, not the displayed version)

Author: Adjusted for all of them.
